warning the following program that movie
contains scenes of graphic stupidity
among four lifelong friends who compete
to embarrass each other 1987 I was
looking for the Gift Shop February 21st
the world's greatest Joker's are coming
to the big screen here the Impractical
Jokers I'm having this huge party see in
Miami we'll settle this the four of us
will compete in hidden-camera challenges
on the way down in Miami and a loser
doesn't go to the party you don't work
for that fuzz dude
[Music]
I'm just his number one fan a little
more crazy eyes all Joker's three
tickets
and ten challenges
[Applause]
[Music]
did you think this through not really
Impractical Jokers the movie in theaters
February 21st rated pg-13
[Music]